Hello everyone it must be saved
welcome to this new video
This is the new Christmas video
the video its beginning
we will talk a little about how to pass the
Christmas in an alternative and of the
tender of gifts for that was there every year
maybe this year it will be a bit of a hit
precisely we will also talk about Christmas with
crisis and natal the rich but such gods
poor what is cutting out but me
I don't know Christmas is one of those
magical moments in which all families
gather at a table in a table
full of food but if and if the food does not
were it so
good by the way I don't know why the movies
there is always that mineral jingle
that does not succeed in putting it to
marry the buttocks you come to
I have prepared the dictation to increase it
exquisite reggina and everything ready yes
love because to the 15 because you have gods
glasses on his head what he spent from
anti-Semitism almost nothing in the kitchen
you have to keep something to keep the
hair so that it does not happen a
flat but you shouldn't put one in it
stick to the terminals and don't go in
pool since years so much that it is found
well on the diet I had it if I turned it on
If so, he will have prepared his aunt good
I'm starving then I don't think of
to remain something good
certain myths of Christmas hopefully later
light up of christmas
you should definitely try it because it is yes
but I guarantee
and this is what cazzola has to do with it
gattara in evidence my understanding
obviously in rudeness anyway
purer than hen's brain the eni
made him ready for a moment
McDonald's Yes , then I need you
lincoln burger 28 portion of children e
so much so much that and then there is the race
of gifts hides for teen here all
relatives try to give a better gift to
smaller than the family because how
it always goes by since it is bound
no no no you know we could not have
so there must be which one clicks and
give me gifts this year the gifts are the most
small therefore angel rounded the accent
you did it mine is beautiful you he
angel this my gift nothing
from this my angel this other and me
keep angel 6 10 and force this then
that made them the omen here if
sorry but actually I do not feel good caccio
Caloia
I tried to say it but that much
this summer we walked together
some later prof
the car has invested with his
I know it's hard not to understand
how sorry I am that I have
spent money for a gift that
no one will have risk powers before you
and now a special wish from yours
favorite characters
well then i wanted to wish a wish
special to all all to have me
done becomes this year and i want to
wish a merry Christmas that you will have many
gifts because above all hated
this year in percent
giorgia hate debut on chanel amate
chanel 10 days now I make a wish
yes, then bye bye to all, poor evils
and a merry Christmas to my grandmother and not
they make collections
Hi everyone, I wanted to wish you a wish
all the best wishes to mine
mommy to the facts
hello I wanted to wish a wish of
greetings from q there to everyone of mine
no cream fucking my appointment we
we wish all of you friends
of my appointment
best wishes to my appointment no better than
new
then hi I wanted to make a wish a
all my fans who have me
followed and supported me
hello hello hello taste give mib
he shared that I am almost ready is a
moment that is you can use it and here I am
he was cutting them, sorry, this wine
extreme habit that almost half I do not go out
blood as if I wanted to wish everyone
a bad christmas and may the bad one
fate always be with you
cit hunger games fine moat that the
good luck
Hi, my time has finally arrived
more houses
we want to really wish everyone a
all a merry christmas i hope you
this year is better next year
and that we start again with a new step
I hope to have more and more members
this year we have reached a thousand
subscribers thanks e
I'll see you next I don't know if you are
they will turn next anyway wishes to
all bye
last time last time then
Hi everyone
marine to all those who have
sent home my child no no
mr dino best wishes does not have my child
but to my grandfather yes no no no no wishes ai
fan of my appointment
but why write me a hunchback imi friends
granny emo spa you still have one
knife I would see ice
best wishes, friends of my grandmother agency
forever
Hello everyone, a special wish
to all all of them from mine
appointment of egg whites is worth 6 6 from
melamine no kat
that's enough